we're on the tides actually on
our side right now boys we got
to take advantage just got only
only gonna get rougher go to the
angle rod holder
it's really tough when it's just
like this it seems like you can
in any line because when a bug
comes up on as well it just
takes all the line right back
off but as you come down as well
you can gain up to stay the
season right here boys
this is why we do it right here
days like today when it's
everything it's miserable and
don't want to be here this is
why you do it down wrong
something stuck we need this
fish so that we gotta go get to
keep it on keep it on hold on
one big way
that's a nice 7-footer comeback
comeback the mood on the boat is
dead
I got goosebumps really need it
not just to save face but just
to kick the other captains in
the teeth
TJ's tied up some dark eating
lasagna and when i was leaving
to rock and opinions down and
tight
I told you boys stay with me
all back more basketball all
right there's my easy to make
and eat there you're gonna get
some get some get some get some
get some you always level we
could lose the switch at any
time no man sings like 40 rai
he's real erratic at the bodies
definitely been hooked before
I'm like nervous let alone when
you need one as bad as we do
right now is the moment to make
the difference right here is
whether or not we're gonna catch
this fish last 40 feet lot of
pressure on the fish he's been
fighting getting a bigger and
bigger hole in his mouth
we don't want to put hooks
already pulled enough in this
year this was going to bury the
cockpit
50 feet away he's a butterball
the Grand Slam
oh my god hold hook
how many more times are we going
to do that
going to the good side job see
you later bye nice for playing
this sucks